OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: operators/admin/olm-config.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can enable or disable Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) cluster features by editing the `OLMConfig` custom resource named `cluster` in {product-title}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cluster administrators can enable or disable Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) cluster features by editing the `OLMConfig` custom resource (CR) named `cluster` in {product-title}.
```
